(Doc+) Link API doc to parent object - part2 (#113541)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/cat/shards.asciidoc

====
cat APIs are only intended for human consumption using the command line or {kib}
console.
They are _not_ intended for use by applications. For application 
consumption, use the <<cluster-state,cluster state API>>.
====

> The `shards` command is the detailed view of all nodes' shard <<modules-cluster,allocation>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `shards` command is the detailed view of all nodes' shard <<shard-allocation-relocation-recovery,allocation>>.
```
